Add Core installation limitation to Fail2Ban integration (#39100)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/fail2ban.markdown

ha_quality_scale: legacy
---

The Fail2Ban {% term integration %} allows for IPs banned by [fail2ban](https://www.fail2ban.org/wiki/index.php/Main_Page) to be displayed in the Home Assistant frontend.

{% important %}

> This integration is only available on Home Assistant Core installation types. Unfortunately, it cannot be used with Home Assistant OS, Supervised or Container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration is only available on {% term "Home Assistant Core" %} installation types. Unfortunately, it cannot be used with {% term "Home Assistant Operating System" %}, {% term "Home Assistant Supervised" %}, or {% term "Home Assistant Container" %}.
```
